CSS Transforms

* CSS Transform property comes in two different settings, two-dimensional and three-dimensional. Each of these come with their own individual properties and values.
"Quoting from the reading material"

* Here are some examples of a transform and how to use them 
1. Transform Syntax
The actual syntax for the transform property is quite simple, including the transform property followed by the value. The value specifies the transform type followed by a specific amount inside parentheses.
iv {
  -webkit-transform: scale(1.5);
     -moz-transform: scale(1.5);
       -o-transform: scale(1.5);
          transform: scale(1.5);
          
2. 2D Transforms
Elements may be distorted, or transformed, on both a two-dimensional plane or a three-dimensional plane. Two-dimensional transforms work on the x and y axes, known as horizontal and vertical axes. 
Three-dimensional transforms work on both the x and y axes, as well as the z axis. These three-dimensional transforms help define not only the length and width of an element, but also the depth. We’ll start by discussing how to transform elements on a two-dimensional plane, and then work our way into three-dimensional transforms.
"Quoting from the reading material"

CSS Transitions & Animations

* CSS Transitions & Animations
One evolution with CSS3 was the ability to write behaviors for transitions and animations. Front end developers have been asking for the ability to design these interactions within HTML and CSS, without the use of JavaScript or Flash, for years. Now their wish has come true.

With CSS3 transitions you have the potential to alter the appearance and behavior of an element whenever a state change occurs, such as when it is hovered over, focused on, active, or targeted.

Animations within CSS3 allow the appearance and behavior of an element to be altered in multiple keyframes. Transitions provide a change from one state to another, while animations can set multiple points of transition upon different keyframes.
"Quoting from the reading material"


For live access to my page, please visit the following link: https://github.com/timothee2022
